Fixed Various Manual Links (HTCondor-421) (#496)
htcondor/htcondor-ce: docs/index.md

--------------------

HTCondor-CE is a special configuration of the HTCondor software designed as a Compute Entrypoint.

> It is configured to use the HTCondor [Job Router daemon](https://htcondor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/grid-computing/job-router.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is configured to use the HTCondor [Job Router daemon](https://htcondor.readthedocs.io/en/v9_0/grid-computing/job-router.html)
```

Since the latest HTCondor-CE version docs point to the HTCondor 9.0 manual, let's do the same thing here
